Southwest Mushrooms Food Safety Plan
Updated: February 03, 2024

Farm Operations 

Management Responsibility 

Our Food Safety Policy: 
Southwest Mushrooms (SWM) is committed to producing safe food products using sound agriculture and handling practices. Our main focus is on food safety and quality of these food products. We will constantly work to prevent microbial contamination of fresh mushrooms so that our customers, families, and community can feel safe when consuming our products. We will constantly communicate, follow, and enforce this policy to our staff in initial and regular, recurrent training.


Our Disciplinary Policy:
Any team member that does not follow the herein described policies and practices will be put through a progressive counseling process involving expected corrective actions and additional training in proper procedures. If the corrective actions do not lead to compliance in this regard the employee will be moved to an area of the operation that does not handle products or will be terminated if unable to meet expectations.

Responsible Administrators of the Food Safety Policy:

Michael Crowe
Managing Director 
3137 W. Virginia Ave STE 3 & 4
Phoenix AZ 85009
Phone: (623)-332-9484
Email: Info@southwestmushrooms.com



Agricultural Activities Conducted on and off Site:	
Mushroom culturing, Inoculation, Incubation, and fruiting of fresh mushrooms will be grown in lab settings as well as environmentally controlled growing rooms. Mushrooms will be harvested and then immediately vertically packed in food-grade new boxes, or containers, and placed into cold storage for delivery or direct sales.

Products will be sold directly to local restaurants, food stores, school kitchens, or to the end consumer through farmer’s markets and farm stand sales. Harvested mushrooms will be transported in an appropriately temperature-controlled vehicle. All staff lives off site.
Crops grown at this location:
Oyster Mushrooms, Shiitake, Lions Mane, Reishi, Chestnut, Pioppino, Turkey Tail, Maitake, and other gourmet and exotic wood loving mushrooms.
3,200 Sq. ft. Zoned Facility (See location map)


 The Food Safety Plan
This Food Safety Plan (FSP) identifies all products and material to be used in growing of our products. In addition, the FSP identifies the physical, chemical, and biological hazards that might occur in the growing and harvesting of these products. The FSP also delineates the procedures for the controlling of those potential hazards by continuously monitoring, verifying their presence when they occur, and record keeping of these control measures. The FSP control measure will be used to monitor: water sources, substrates, production environment, and team member practices.

The FSP includes policies and procedures that will be followed so that we constantly and consistently produce safe food products. SWM will maintain checklists, training documentation, and tracking forms to assure that the herein policies and procedures are being followed.

The FSP will be reviewed on an annual basis (anniversary date will be from the date of approval of this FSP) and will be revised, if needed, by operational and procedural changes that have occurred based on that review. The FSP will be updated immediately at the time that significant procedural methods are changed, added, or modified.

Documentation and Record Keeping
SWM will maintain written and/or electronically secure as well as redundant documentation that chronicles that the FSP is being followed. Archived hard record copy records will be kept on location in a secure file cabinet and electronic records will be maintained on site in a computer with a back-up system attached. The records begin in 2023 and will be maintained for at least 3 years.

Corrective Actions
Any identifiable food safety exposure will be investigated to discover the source of that risk.
Once identified, SWM will take whatever corrective action is needed to eliminate the risk.
Corrective Action Form (Append 1) will be documented and will:
Identify the risk
Actions taken to resolve the risk
Person or situation that caused the risk to occur
Proposed implementation of operational and/or procedural changes needed for prevention of identified risk from re-occurring

Staff Training, Documentation, and Corrective Action
SWM will train all new hire and volunteer harvesters and handlers. There will be recurrent training preformed on an annual basis and as needed for any additional training required due to seasonal operational variations or corrective action if proper procedures are not followed. Records will be kept for each individual as to the training content and the dates on which it was given. SWM Employee Training (Logs), Health & Hygiene Policy (Append 2), Corrective Action Form (Append 1)

All visitors and subcontractors to the SWM site and facilities will be briefly instructed and expected to follow the same FSP policies herein described. Health & Safety Notice Append 3, Visitor’s Log (Hard Copy Log)

All SWM administrative staff, harvesters, and handlers will be expected to understand and follow:
SWM Employee Training, Health & Hygiene Policy (Append 2)
When and how to wash their hands
Must wear reasonably clean clothing
Should not handle mushrooms if they are ill
Must notify SWM administrators of any of the following illnesses and that they are not permitted to handle any mushrooms or materials that come into direct contact with those that produce:
Vomiting
Diarrhea
Jaundice (Yellow skin discoloration of eyes)
Sore throat accompanied by a fever
Infected cuts or burns with discharge on hands or wrists

 Using only approved containers for harvesting mushrooms 
Must notify SWM administrators if they have an open wound, have a serious injury, or if blood/body fluids from their person comes in contact with the mushrooms, containers, or surfaces that come into contact with the mushrooms.
All types of product contamination must be reported from exposure to such products as: chemicals, petroleum products, pesticides, glass, or a spill/leak from toilet facilities
Smoking will not be allowed on premise
Applicable Record Keeping (Logs, Hard Copy Logs & Appendix):
Corrective Action Form (Append 1)
SWM Employee Training, Health & Hygiene Policy (Append 2)
Health and Safety Notice (Append 3)
Visitor Sign-in Log (Hard Copy Log)
SWM Trackback Log (For SWM grown products, Logs)
SWM Intake Form (Append 4)
SWM Harvested/Collected Track Back Methods ( Media suppliers, Logs & Document 3)
Cooler Log (Logs)
Processing Maintenance and Pest Logs (Logs)
Processing (Logs)
Water Quality Testing Report (Document 1)
Animal Presence Log (Logs)
Substrate Log (Logs)
Rest Room Cleaning Log (Hard Copy Log)

Traceability
SWM Traceability and Recall programs are closely related.

SWM Farm Only Trace Back Records
SWM will maintain documentation of all agricultural inputs used including supplements, substrates, mycelium tissue transfers, and agricultural chemicals so that those inputs can be linked to each crop type and ultimately to the buyers/consumers of those products. Daily documentation is maintained as to each specific staff member that harvests and packages the crops each day.

SWM crops will be tracked through the growing process by the crop type from when it is inoculated/incubated with a tracking code that will include the following information:

Date propagated
Location
Crop tracking code
Example:        LE378202032401
Shiitake Mushrooms inoculated on February 3, 2024 / Location in incubation area 01/ Code for crop type

Tracking codes will be linked to mycelium lot numbers as they are inoculated. The tracking code information is electronically recorded and manually transferred to harvesting containers as the crop is harvested.

Each container holding the mushrooms for sale/delivery/transport will be labeled with the following information:
Name of crop
Tracking code
Name and address of SWM facility
Harvest date
All invoices will include the following information:
Name of crop
Date of harvest
Date shipped
Purchaser information
Tracking number (Trace Code)

SWM Harvested/Collected Track Back Records (Logs, See Appendix 5 for methodology)

Recall Program
The SWM general manager is responsible for carrying out a Product Recall if a contamination problem has occurred at our location and there is a need to notify our customers/consumers. If a Product Recall is needed for a product, the general manager will contact whoever purchased any of the affected products, identify the specific crop type at risk, and then ask them to remove the product from their point of purchase. The recall program will be tested once a calendar year using a mock situation with one of our customers. Mock and other recalls will be documented on a Corrective Action Forms (Append 1)

Staff Training
All new hire employees, administrative staff, and working volunteers will go through the required training in proper health and hygiene practices. Training documentation will be kept in each individual’s employee/volunteer file titled SWM Employee Training Log upon successful completion of that training.

Staff and Visitor Hygiene
All staff and visitors are required to follow proper sanitation and hygiene practices. Visitors are directed to read and then acknowledge their understanding Health and Safety Notice (Append 3) by signing the Visitor’s Log (Hard Copy) prior to entering the site. SWM staff is required to go through initial training as outlined in the SWM Employee Training, Health & Hygiene Policy (Append 2) and complete any area specific training as needed prior to beginning work at the SWM facility.

Restroom Facilities
There is an appropriately stocked, permanent restroom facility with flush toilet and wash basin connected to the city of Phoenix sewer system and potable water sources available to staff and visitors. These restroom facilities are serviced and cleaned on a daily basis. Staff that cleans the restrooms completes the Restroom Cleaning Log (Hard Copy Log) each time cleaning has been performed.

Sewage and Contaminant Incident Response Plan
In the event of any potential leak or spill at any location on the SWM site the following procedures will be used to mitigate the situation:
All damaged harvesting equipment, container, packaging materials will be disposed of properly.
Floors, walls, furnishings, and ancillary equipment damaged beyond salvage will be removed and replaced as necessary.
Affected floors, walls, furnishings, and ancillary equipment will be cleaned with soap and water, rinsed, and sanitized with an approved sanitizer.
Wet materials will be removed. Any materials that cannot be effectively cleaned and sanitized will be removed.
All standing sewage or contaminant will be removed.
All hand tools and equipment will be cleaned and sanitized in the affected area.
Detergent solutions will be used for primary treatment of affected areas and equipment.
Following the primary treatment, the following procedures will be followed:
>> Affected areas/equipment will be sanitized using an approved chlorine sanitizer/disinfectant at a strength of 500 parts per millions of chlorine or equivalent.
>> Affected areas/equipment will then be air dried.
>> All mop heads and other cleaning aides that contacted the sewage will be laundered or properly discarded.

A Corrective Action Form (Append 1) will be generated if such an incident occurs as to: what happened, how it was remediated, and how to prevent such occurrences from happening in the future.





























2.0 Grow Room Harvesting

2.05 Smoking and Eating
No smoking will be allowed in growing, harvesting, packing, and storage areas or while transporting products. Staff beverages in these areas must not be made of glass and have a lid. Beverages must be stored in an assigned area away from these production areas. All food to be consumed by visitors and staff will be in designated areas away from any production or handling areas.

2.1 Symptoms of Illness
Staff and visitors with diarrhea or other symptoms of other infectious illness or disease are prohibited from handling fresh mushrooms or products produced at SWM.

2.2 Disposition of Contaminated Mushrooms
Mushrooms that have come into contact with any source of contaminate such as chemicals, blood, or other bodily fluids is to be disposed of into a safe garbage container. Hand tools or equipment that has come into contact with blood or other bodily fluids will be disinfected with bleach or other approved disinfectants.

2.3 First Aid
First aid kits are available for all staff and visitors. Staff has been instructed that any cuts, abrasions, or other injuries must be reported immediately to SWM administrators and treated correctly and promptly.

2.4 Applicators
No applications of any kind of pesticide or herbicide are being used on site at this time. No regulated agents will be used. 

2.5 Laboratory Sampling and Testing
All water used at the SWM site for hand washing, humidification, hydrating, washing, and cleaning is sourced from the City of Phoenix, we will also conduct third party water testing annually. Potable water sourced from the City of Phoenix is available to all staff. Latest COP Water Quality Testing Report (Document 1) for the City of Phoenix is found in the Documents folder section of the FSP.

2.6 Humidification System Water Protection
Humidification system utilizes water from the City of Phoenix. When maintenance of humidification system if required for routine maintenance or repair (filters, floats, transducers) staff performing those tasks first properly wash their hands. Any work surface area upon which those tasks are performed will have been cleaned and sanitized prior to those tasks occurring. COP Water Quality Testing Report (Document 1).



2.7 Animal Presence
Measures have been taken to mitigate the opportunity for will and/or domestic animals from entering growing, harvesting, and storage areas. The entire area is in a commercial zoned facility, and the operation is in an indoor warehouse facility. If any animal is observed to be in the growing, harvesting, and storage areas; measures are to be taken to remove the animal and the incident is documented in the Animal Presence Log (Logs). All areas will be routinely monitored for signs of compromised product due to animal intrusions. Mitigation of damage/contamination caused by animals shall be performed based on the type of damage/contamination. Compromised material will be removed and properly disposed.

2.8 Substrate & Raw Materials
All substrate and raw materials are purchased from facilities that have certified that the material has been certified chemical/additive free and that will be kept on file for 3 years. The Substrate & Raw Materials Log (Logs) will reflect how each load of substrate/raw materials was obtained and subsequently used in production.

2.9 Pre-harvest Assessment
Pre-harvest assessments are made in crop production areas. Pre-harvest inspections are documented in notes of SWM Grow Room Harvest Logs (Logs 1-6).


2.10 SWM Grow Room Harvest Logs
All mushrooms harvested are documented in the SWM Grow Room Harvest Logs (1-6).


                       2.11 Harvesting Containers
All harvesting containers and bulk hauling vehicles coming into direct contact with harvested produce will be cleaned and sanitized before use. That process will consist of:
Wash with soapy water
Rinse with clean water
Rinse with approved sanitizer at approved concentration
Air Dry
Store in a clean and dry location

Harvesting containers are not to be used for carrying or storing non-produce items during harvest periods. If containers are damaged or no longer easily cleaned, they will be repaired or discarded if not repairable.


2.12 Hand Harvesting Equipment
All hand harvesting equipment and implements (knives, forceps, pruners, scissors, etc.) will be cleaned and sanitized before use. That process will consist of:
Wash with soapy water
Rinse with clean water
Rinse with approved sanitizer at approved concentration
Air Dry
Store in a clean and dry location

If hand harvesting equipment is damaged or no longer easily cleaned, equipment will be repaired and discarded if not repairable.


2.13 Crop Protection During Transport
When transporting products from grow rooms to storage areas, they will be covered during transportation. Product moving out of the grow rooms will be uniquely identified so that traceability records can be correctly documented.


  
              








3.0 Processing of Delivered Products
All product received from the growing rooms are held in separate staging area prior to processing or packing that is protected from possible contamination. Product is properly stored and handled in order to reduce possible contamination.

3.1 Processing Water
Source water used in packing operations is potable from the City of Phoenix domestic water supply and will be kept as cool as possible. Processing water is sufficiently treated to reduce microbial contamination with chlorine bleach concentration of at least 30 ppm. COP Water Quality Testing Report (Document 1); Cornell University Farm Food Safety (Document 2).


3.2 Processing Surfaces, Equipment & Areas
Water contact surfaces such as Mixers, Auto-Claves, Steam Sterilizers, and Processing tables are to be cleaned and sanitized prior to and at the conclusion of each processing session or when product varieties change. Food contact surfaces are in good condition, cleaned, and/or sanitized prior to use and these actions will be found in the Processing Logs (Logs).

 
3.3 Packing Facility Personnel
Employee Facilities (locker rooms, lunch, break areas, etc.) will be cleaned on a routine basis and located away from packing, storage, shipping, and receiving areas. All personnel coming in direct contact to food items will be wearing head covering (cap, hairnet, bandanna, etc.) facial hair nets (if necessary), shoe coverings, freshly washed hands and disposable gloves. No dangling jewelry or accessories may be worn when handling product. Attire must be clean and free of any hanging items. Hands must be washed prior to putting on the gloves, after using the restroom, or if leaving the area and returning to the packing facility.


3.4 Packing Facility & Operations
Only approved, food grade lubricants properly labeled are used in packing equipment and machinery. Chemicals not approved for use on products are stored and segregated away from
Areas. The packing facility grounds will be routinely maintained so as to be reasonably free of liter and debris as well as of standing water. Outside garbage receptacles/dumpsters are closed and located away from the packing facility entrances. The packing facility is enclosed and the interior maintained to be clean and organized. Flood drains regularly inspected to be free of any obstructions. Pipes, ducts, fans, and ceilings which are over food handling operations are routinely cleaned. All wastewater is disposed of into the municipal sewer via direct plumbing drain. Processing Maintenance and Pest Inspection Log (Logs).
Mushrooms that have spilled and comes into direct contact with the facility floor will be removed from the facility and be properly disposed. Empty containers and pallets will be cleaned then stored inside the facility free from pests or environmental contaminants. New or stored containers that come into direct contact with product will be sanitized prior to being used for product handling and storage.
3.5 Pest Control
Extra care has been taken in the food storage areas to exclude pests as well as outside contaminants due to the controlled temperature environment within the facility. All walls, ceilings, and floors are maintained to be free of any cracks or crevices to prevent pest access as well as maintain the controlled temperature environment. The storage facility is examined once a month for signs of pests or upon pests directly being observed to be present within the facility for which there is an inspection log. Southwest Mushrooms staff performs this service. A log record is kept for all pest control measures taken within the facility and the immediate surrounding areas. Records of these checks will be kept in the Processing Maintenance and Pest Inspection Log (Logs).


3.6 Traceability
Traceability records for all mushrooms processed and held in the facility is kept on premise. These records will be specifically identified by a tracking number that indicates the incoming source and the outgoing location of each specific product. This date will be kept in the Handling Track Back Log (Logs).



 





















4.0 Storage and Transportation

4.1 Storing Materials
All substrate, grain, and other products used in the cultivation process are packaged and stored in a cool, dry location in the facility. Only approved, food grade lubricants/materials properly labeled are used in the holding facility equipment and machinery. Chemicals not approved for use on products are stored and segregated away from storage areas.


4.2 Facility and Storage Areas
Areas that will hold stored product will be cleaned and free of any debris prior to product being placed into that specific area and records of the procedure being performed will be kept. The records will be kept in Processing Maintenance & Pest Log (Logs). The holding facility grounds will be routinely maintained to be reasonably free of litter and debris as well as of standing water. Outside garbage receptacles/dumpsters are closed and located away from the holding facility entrances. The holding facility is enclosed and the interior maintained to be cleaned and organized. Flood drains regularly inspected to be free of any obstructions. Pipes, ducts, fans, and ceilings which are over food handling operations are routinely cleaned. All wastewater generated within the holding facility is disposed of into the municipal sewer via direct plumbing.

4.3 Product Handling
Any mushrooms that are spilled or comes into direct contact with the facility’s floor will be removed from the facility and properly disposed. Handling trays, bins, bags, and pallets will be kept clean and in good repair. Any mechanical equipment used during the storage process will be clean and maintained in good repair.

4.4 Pest Control
Extra care has been taken in the access points into the food storage areas to exclude pests as well as outside contaminants due to the controlled temperature environment within the facility. All walls, ceilings, and floors are maintained to be free of any cracks or crevices to prevent pests access as well as maintain the controlled temperature environment.

4.5 Ice
The water used to make ice and for cooling purposes is obtained from the City of Phoenix potable water source. Any device used for the manufacturing or the transportation of ice or mushrooms cooled by ice will be sanitized prior to use.

4.6 Refrigeration
Climate controlled refrigeration units air temperature will be monitored and records maintained of the recorded temperatures (Cooler Log). Thermometers used to take temperatures will be routinely checked for accuracy and calibrated using the ice point method,  and those tests will be kept in the air temperature records. Refrigeration condensate is discharged externally of the storage facility. The refrigeration generating equipment is cleaned on a regular basis and that data is logged into the above-mentioned temperature records. No stored product will be allowed to drip onto any mushrooms stored underneath said product.

4.7 Transportation
Any vehicle used to transport product and prior to loading will be free of any debris as well as foul odors, and cleansed. No product will be transported with potential contaminating substances. Temperatures in transportation vehicles will not exceed 55 F except during loading and unloading of the vehicle. Product will be loaded into the vehicle in a manner to minimized damage to transported product. Temperatures will be checked prior to loading and via the thermostat control in the refrigerated box. This data will be kept by the vehicle driver and recorded on the Cooler Log.

4.8 Worker Health, Personal Hygiene, and Grooming
All new hire employees, administrative staff, and working volunteers will go through the required training in proper health and hygiene practices. Training documentation will be kept in each individual’s employee/volunteer file titled Food Safety Training Log upon successful completion of that training.

All personnel coming in direct contact to food items will be wearing head covering, facial hair nets, (if necessary) and disposable gloves. They must be in suitable, clean clothing and appropriately groomed. Torn or extremely tattered clothing must not be worn when handling product. No rings, dangling jewelry or accessories may be worn when handling product. No employees entering and exiting the processing room must step in the disinfectant pan with the shoes they will be wearing during the processing.

Staff with open wounds, diarrhea, or other symptoms of other infectious illness or disease are prohibited from handling or transporting mushrooms.



4.9 Traceability
Traceability records for all produce transported and held in the facility will be kept on premise.
These records will be specifically identified by a tracking number that indicates the incoming source and the outgoing location of each specific product. This information will be kept in the Harvested Track Back Log.






End of Document





Appendix 1



Southwest Mushrooms Corrective Action Form 
Date:


Time:


Location:


Employee:


Event Details:







What immediate corrective action was taken to minimize hazards arising from this event and what were those actions taken:







Supervisor notified (name, date, time):



What corrective actions were taken to fully resolve the event occurrence:




Final resolution (steps taken, name, date, time):
Appendix 2

Southwest Mushrooms Employee Training, Health & Hygiene Policies

When and how to wash your hands:

Use warm water and soap to clean your hands. Wash all areas of your hands. Dry your hands completely and dispose of the paper towels properly. Use only the bathroom assigned to SWM operations.
Prior to and at the conclusion of your work in the growing, harvesting, handling, or transportation operations.
After you have used the restroom facilities.
Depending on your work assignment, you may be required to wear head nets/coverings, facial hair nets, filter masks, or disposable gloves. Please check with your immediate supervisor for the requirement in your assigned area.

You must wear reasonably clean, suitable, clothing and be appropriately groomed. Torn or extremely tattered clothing must not be worn when handling product. Your attire must be appropriate for the tasks you are performing and you must wear closed toe shoes. No dangling jewelry or accessories may be worn when transporting and handling products.
You are not to handle mushrooms if you are ill and to notify a member of SWM administration if you have any of the following symptoms or illnesses:

Vomiting
Diarrhea
Jaundice (yellow skin discoloration/eye discoloration)
Sore throat accompanied by a fever
Infected cuts or burns with discharge on hands or wrists
If you have any of these symptoms, you are not to handle any mushrooms or handling equipment that comes into direct contact with food products we grow on premise, handle on location, have in farm stand operations, or distribute for sale until you have returned in good health.

Must immediately notify SWM administrators if you have an open wound, have a serious injury, or if blood/body fluids form their person that comes in direct contact with mushroom harvest containers, or surfaces.

You are not to use containers for harvesting, handling, or transporting mushrooms that have contained non-food products or that have not been completely disinfected prior to use.

Any types of product contamination that is either directly observed or even suspect of being contaminated by exposure to such products as: chemicals, petroleum products, pesticides, glass, or a spill/leak from toilet facilities must be immediately reported to a member of SWM administration. These areas should be noted and secured in such a manner to minimize the spread of such contamination or exposure to other employees and mushroom products.

No smoking will be allowed in growing, harvesting, packing, and storage areas when handling or transporting products. Staff beverages in these areas must always be covered and have a straw or travel lid to be consumed. Beverages must be stored in a manner so that they will not come in contact with food products.

You must help assure that any visitors have read the Health and Safety Notice and signed the Visitor’s Log. Be courteous, but also be vigilant. Also, stay aware of your surroundings. You must report to your immediate supervisor of animal intrusions, possible sources of contamination, potential hazards, or any unsafe conditions that you may observe.

The job functions here vary a great deal from area to area. You will be given area specific instructions and training for each area in which you work. You will need to remember and follow these specific expectations. If you are unsure, have doubts, or cannot perform those assigned tasks, inform your immediate supervisor so that you understand and follow those task specific assignments.











Appendix 3

Southwest Mushrooms Health & Safety Notice

Visitor Policy


All visitors to any Southwest Mushrooms locations, whether they be friends, family simply visiting, or coming to do work are required to read and comply with all the terms discussed in this SWM Health & Safety Notice then sign in and out on the Visitor’s Log.

Handwashing and Restroom Facilities: Everyone must wash their hands before entering any work area, beginning work, or returning to work after taking breaks, going to the restroom, eating, or smoking. Signs are posted in the restroom to instruct visitors to wash their hands before returning to a work area. The restroom facilities are located on site in the facility.

Attire: Appropriate attire must be worn when visiting or working at any Southwest Mushrooms location. No loose, dangling, or torn clothing is allowed. Closed toe shoes must be worn. No rings or dangling jewelry are to be worn by anyone having direct contact with mushrooms.

Injuries: All visitors are instructed to deal with injuries immediately. This includes any cuts, abrasions, or other injuries that happen while visiting. Visitors must notify Southwest Mushrooms staff immediately if an injury has occurred. There is a first aid kit available for use in the office.

Blood and body fluid: If blood or other bodily fluids come into contact with produce, growing locations, processing areas, or equipment immediate action must be taken and the event reported to Southwest Mushrooms staff.

Illness: The following symptoms prohibit a visitor from working and handling mushrooms:
Diarrhea
Fever
Vomiting
Jaundice (when the whites of the eyes are yellowish and the skin has a yellowish tinge)
Sore throat with fever
Lesions containing pus (including boils or infected wounds, however small) on the hands, wrists, or any exposed body part.
Food & Beverages: Potable drinking water is provided and available for visitors. Clean, reusable cups will be available and personal, reusable water bottles are allowed in the handling and break areas provided they are not glass and have a secure lid. Food or water may not be consumed in any immediate area where mushrooms are grown, transported, or processed. Food and water breaks may be taken in designated areas located outside of the above mentioned locations.
Smoking: is not permitted.



If you have any questions regarding any of these policies, please feel free to ask any staff member for clarification as to what is the proper procedure.

We hope that you enjoy your visit to our location at Southwest Mushrooms.